It was literally six minutes after I received your email that I got a call from
Alacrity [Partner Firm]. Definitely go for it if you want to succeed as an adjuster. and it
will pay itself off.  It works if you work it.
So it'll definitely be a good return on investment. Fast Track
gave me the confidence to get out there and start accepting assignments.
First one I did was a sewer backup in a basement.
So it was a pretty big, pretty big job and then the next one was a total loss
fire.
So I kind of got thrown right in, but using your training videos and the macros
, I was
able to actually successfully get through those.
It's just knowing the process, filling in a lot of gaps, tips and tricks that
you wouldn't
have known without going through your training. I deployed for like a tornado in
my local area
and had I not gone through your training, I would have washed out
from that
just from the overwhelm. It definitely help me get through that. Even just the
simple things
of doing recon and scheduling. Absolutely.
Just want to thank you and Dean for all the work you do because, you know, it was
me getting
on AdjusterTV just watching videos on YouTube that got me started here.
So definitely appreciate it.